Update EIP-5732: Move to Last Call (#5758)
ethereum/EIPs: EIPS/eip-5732.md

---
eip: 5732
title: Commit Interface
description: A simple but general commit interface to support commit-reveal scheme.
author: Zainan Victor Zhou (@xinbenlv)
discussions-to: https://ethereum-magicians.org/t/erc-5732-simple-commit-interface-to-support-commit-reveal-schemes/11115
status: Last Call
last-call-deadline: 2022-11-01
type: Standards Track
category: ERC

> created: 2022-09-29

Reviewer: On L31-34, the interface has errors. It should be:

```solidity
interface IERC_COMMIT {
    event Commit(bytes32 commitment, bytes extraData);
    function commit(bytes32 commitment, bytes calldata extraData) external;
}
```

`bytes32` instead of `byte32`, and events don't specify calldata.

>     mapping(address => bytes32) lastCommits;

Reviewer: L47 has typo: `making room` instead of`making rooms`.

Author: Done

    function commit(bytes32 _commitment, bytes calldata _extraData) {
        lastCommits[msg.sender] = _commitment;
        emit Commit(...);
    }

>     function vote(address _proposalId, uint8 _optionId, bytes calldata _extraData) {

Reviewer: On L150, the keccak arg shouldn't be `_amount` used. Instead, this line should be:

```Solidity
return keccak256(abi.encodePack(_sender, _proposalId, _optionId, _secretSalt);
```

>     function vote(address _proposalId, uint8 _optionId, bytes calldata _extraData) {

Reviewer: On L150, the keccak arg shouldn't be `_amount` used. Instead, this line should be:

```Solidity
return keccak256(abi.encodePack(_sender, _proposalId, _optionId, _secretSalt);
```

Author: Good catch, thank you!

Author: thank you matt. If you are interested, i love to invite you to  create a full featured ref impl in github.com/ercref/contracts let me know if you have any question at https://discord.gg/ZvAPfsNr

    }

    function _recomputeCommit(address _sender, address _proposalId, uint8 _optionId, bytes32 _secretSalt) returns (bytes32){
        return keccak256(abi.encodePack(_sender, _proposalId, _optionId, _secretSalt));
    }

    // Ballot tally method omitted.
    // Proposal deadline method omitted.
}
```

### Commit with ENS Register as Reveal

> In ENS registering process currenctly

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In ENS registering process, currently
```

> incide of `ETHRegistrarController` contract

Reviewer: ```suggestion
inside of `ETHRegistrarController` contract
```

    // Proposal deadline method omitted.
}
```

### Commit with ENS Register as Reveal

In ENS registering process currenctly
incide of ETHRegistrarController contract
a commit function is being used to
allow registerers fairly register a desire

> domain to avoid being frontrunned, it looks loke this

Reviewer 2: I'm very confused. Would you mind fixing this?

Author: Good catch. I fixed it.

```solidity
function commit(bytes32 commitment) public {
    require(commitments[commitment] + maxCommitmentAge < now);
    commitments[commitment] = now;
}
```

> With this EIP it can be updated to 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

With this EIP it can be updated to 
```

Author: Accepted

```solidity
function commit(bytes32 commitment, bytes calldata data) public {
    require(commitments[commitment] + maxCommitmentAge < now);
    commitments[commitment] = now;
    emit Commit(...)；
}
```

> as a reference implementation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

Author: Accepted

## Security Considerations

> 
> 1. Do not use reference implementation in production. They are just for demo purpose.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

1. Do not use the reference implementation in production. It is just for demonstration purposes.
```

Author: Accepted
